Are we really going to sell all day?
To sell, of course to sell
If you don't sell it, it will be too late.
Isn't this the Dionysian of Huashan?
Why did you come to the stock market to perm and dye wine again today?
I'm not interested in fighting with you.
I'm here to sell my shares and certifications
What stocks to sell?
certification
Corporate hahahaha
How many people have cut their heads and drilled into the stock market now?
You sold it again?
Yes, Mr. Ray
Now stock tanks can make money
I can't help but ask you to sell it.
For real estate development on Nanhai Island
Trying very well
But I don't have enough cash on hand
I can only sell this first and go there to develop it well
Ye Fan, Ye Fan
Look at who's brain is broken hahaha
The happiness of real estate
Since Wang Shao is so unfortunate
Why don't we make a deal?
All right?
What deal?
Don't you have a lot of real estate in Huahai?
So since you're not planning to do real estate anymore
Why don't I offer the market price?
Sell it to me at 100 million price
Are you sure?
This is what you said. Go
Let's sign the contract now
Ok
Go go go go
What happened to Mr. Ye?
stock market
Collapse